docs(app): update keyboard shortcuts for new shortcut drawer (DOCS-2865) (#2897)
wandb/docs: models/app/keyboard-shortcuts.mdx

<Tabs>
<Tab title="App">

The W&B App includes a keyboard shortcuts drawer that lists all available shortcuts for the current context. Open it with **Cmd+/** (macOS) or **Ctrl+/** (Windows/Linux), or select **Keyboard shortcuts** from the **?** (help) menu in the top navigation. Use the search field in the drawer to filter shortcuts by name.

> The **Workspace** and **Media browser modal** sections are context-sensitive; they appear only when the corresponding area is active.

Reviewer: Nit: semicolons can reduce readability for non ESL folks

Author: Yeah but it was worse before, with an endash! I'll break it up.

Reviewer: Thanks! Dumb question, should "browser modal" be included in the bold face? Or should it read "...**Media** browser modal..."

Author: Yes, in the drawer the heading is **Media browser modal**.

Reviewer: Duly noted :)

> The **Workspace** and **Media browser modal** sections are context-sensitive; they appear only when the corresponding area is active.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Workspace** and **Media browser modal** sections are context-sensitive, appearing only when the corresponding area is active.
```
